New content (#216)
archway-network/archway-docs: content/3.community/2.staking.md

![](/images/docs/staking16.png)

<!--*Screenshots from [youtube video](https://youtu.be/KYntLOLnLdg)*-->

## **Staking via Cosmostation**

### Prerequisites

> Make sure to check the [wallet section](wallet) and install <a href="https://wallet.cosmostation.io/cosmos" target="_blank">Cosmostation</a>, and to deposit some funds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to check the [wallet section](wallet) and install <a href="https://wallet.cosmostation.io/cosmos" target="_blank">Cosmostation</a>. Afterwards, don't forget to deposit some tokens into your account.
```
